the leader monaco is in slight loss of
speed on three draws
consecutive
but there are always seven points advanced
on the fourth club the
principality well left to go back in
league 1 we have as a favorite of his match to
the time to welcome niort to 15th of
niortais that counts only three
advanced points on the red zone and who
still need some good
results to stay in league 2 one year
after accession
they are going for this purpose trying to
achieve a feat at the stadium louis 2 of
niortaises without johan gastian and konate
the first opportunity and Monegasque the
balloon over it is a good action
for the monaco ace with ibrahima touré who
had escaped one of the best
scorers of the championship in loss of
speed in 2013 compared to its
performance the previous year
but he is still present on the bottom
of the attak a team of monaco who is
surprised by the 36th niortais
minute jimmy roye for opening the
score
he becomes sole scorer of his
team with his 7th goal of the season and
it's north that leads 1-0 to monaco
a team of monaco who has yet all
its holders
wolf and gary coulibaly are back from
wound but not retained by claudio
ranieri monaco who fights until mid
time not to be led back
in the locker room and this is not the case
scored 1 goal in the 45th minute thanks
at lukas ocampo the young striker
Argentinean third goal of the season for
his monaco is back on the board
mito 1 goal everywhere
remains a very good result for
niortais d'esmertec who only won
two of their last six games but at
every time against competitors
direct that allows them to be out of
the red zone
monaco is on 13 matches without defeat
it would be a big surprise to see
niort come win to louis do all the
more than in the second half
Monegasques have other
of strikes outside the box or
actions that make it possible to obtain
penalty here is the dream opportunity to
scoring the second goal is to win the
match and ran away by the keeper
huge double honor for
the monaco ace is for emmanuel river
which therefore fails especially believes him the
guardian niortais took and the best
on the striker of the ace monaco
this action changes everything since in the end
it's a draw between monaco and niort a
everywhere a good point on the outside
for the niortais but monaco rest
leader
we are moving to auxerre and villain
Saturday, April 13 to face the aj
auxerre we see